FEATURE: Add `Neos.Neos:MenuItems`, `Neos.Neos:DimensionMenuItems` and `Neos.Neos:BreadcrumbMenuItems` prototypes (#2381)
neos/neos-development-collection: Neos.Neos/Documentation/References/NeosFusionReference.rst

:renderHiddenInIndex: (boolean) Whether nodes with ``hiddenInIndex`` should be rendered, defaults to ``false``
:itemCollection: (array) Explicitly set the Node items for the menu (alternative to ``startingPoints`` and levels)

MenuItems item properties:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

:node: (Node) A node instance (with resolved shortcuts) that should be used to link to the item
:originalNode: (Node) Original node for the item
:state: (string) Menu state of the item: ``'normal'``, ``'current'`` (the current node) or ``'active'`` (ancestor of current node)
:label: (string) Full label of the node
:menuLevel: (integer) Men^u level the item is rendered on

Examples:
^^^^^^^^^

::

	menuItems = Neos.Neos:MenuItems {
		entryLevel = 1
		maximumLevels = 3
	}

MenuItems including site node:
""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

::

	menuItems = Neos.Neos:MenuItems {
		itemCollection = ${q(site).add(q(site).children('[instanceof Neos.Neos:Document]')).get()}
	}

Menu with custom starting point:
""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

::

	menuItems = Neos.Neos:MenuItems {
		entryLevel = 2
		maximumLevels = 1

> 		startingPoint = ${q(site).children('[uriPathSegment="metamenu"]').get(0)}

Reviewer: nitpick: IMO it's not a very good practice to refer to the `uriPathSegment` property of a node that should not even _have_ an uri path :)
```suggestion
		startingPoint = ${q(site).children('metamenu').get(0)}
```
Wouldn't that work if the metamenu node was auto-generated (as it should be)

Reviewer 2: This is a 1:1 copy of the old Menu documentation. Maybe we should improve both in a second pr

Reviewer: Ah - sure, just a tiny nitpick anyways

	}

.. _Neos_Neos__BreadcrumbMenuItems:

Neos.Neos:BreadcrumbMenuItems
-----------------------------

Create a list of of menu-items for a breadcrumb (ancestor documents), based on :ref:`Neos_Neos__MenuItems`.

Example::

	breadcrumbItems = Neos.Neos:BreadcrumbMenuItems

.. _Neos_Neos__DimensionsMenuItems:

Neos.Neos:DimensionsMenuItems
-----------------------------

Create a list of menu-items for other node variants (e.g. variants of the current node in other dimensions) by using this Fusion object.

If the ``dimension`` setting is given, the menu will only include items for this dimension, with all other configured
dimension being set to the value(s) of the current node. Without any ``dimension`` being configured, all possible
variants will be included.

If no node variant exists for the preset combination, a ``NULL`` node will be included in the item with a state ``absent``.

:dimension: (optional, string): name of the dimension which this menu should be based on. Example: "language".

> :presets: (optional, array): If set, the presets rendered will be taken from this list of preset identifiers

Reviewer: nitpick2: Could we maybe link this to the corresponding [documentation](https://neos.readthedocs.io/en/latest/CreatingASite/ContentDimensions.html#preset-constraints) or adjust the name so that it is a bit clearer what "presets" refer to
```suggestion
:presets: (optional, array): If set, the Content Dimension Preset Constraints will be taken from this list of preset identifiers
```

Reviewer 2: Same here, let us update this separately as this should also be improved for the documentation of ``Neos.Fusion:Menu``.
